[Music]
you depend on your scan tool every day
to pinpoint the source of vehicle
malfunctions and verify completed
repairs and snap-on scam tools deliver
with accuracy reliability exclusive
tests and coverage typically found only
in expensive factory tools being
productive and keeping customers happy
takes a full range of diagnostic and
information tools that's why the snap-on
verus Pro combines a full suite of
diagnostic and information tools to help
you manage the job from start to finish
[Music]
only snap-on gives you access to all
this in one integrated tool scanner
scope Data Manager waveform library
online technical forum fast-track
troubleshooter guided test procedures
and verified repair tips and the
optional shop key repair information
system gives technicians quick access to
complete repair guidance for virtually
any light vehicle on the road you want
speed with our most powerful diagnostic
platform ever verus Pro is ready to work
in record time
the complete diagnostic suite loads in
half the time required by previous tools
you want easy snap-on's exclusive
OneTouch navigation jumps directly to
any diagnostic function simply touch
year make and model to get started
the vehicle ID menu lists the vehicle
makes available in the function you
select and shows exactly the systems and
tests for the vehicle you select unlike
other tools that display makes models or
systems they don't even cover the verus
Pro vehicle database stores your
customer data vehicle ID fault codes
repair notes and diagnostic results this
information is passed between
applications so you don't need to
re-enter vehicle information you want
tough this big ruggedized color
touchscreen shows more detail than
others can hope for the new thin edge
verus Pro display tablet is just over 2
inches thick and 35 percent lighter than
its predecessor drop tested and designed
for life in the bay Barriss Pro has been
tough tested in shops like yours enjoy
scanning simplicity with the wireless
scan module and a single keyless adapter
for obd2 applications move freely all
around the vehicle while running
powerful bi-directional controls and
viewing live data on-screen the
exclusive vast tracked troubleshooter
and online community puts you in touch
with the latest time savers and repair
solutions exchange the latest expertise
with technicians across the country
access millions of troubleshooter tips
validated by snap-on expert Tech's for a
faster repaired with varus bro you won't
leave the bay to get answers Wi-Fi and a
browser bring the Internet to you on a
huge 10-inch screen access websites of
your choice
technical forums online parts suppliers
om websites and even your repair
information system other tools can't
touch this it also conveniently
downloads service releases from the web
whenever verus Pro is idle to ensure
optimum performance of the operating
system and diagnostic suite you want
flexibility a hot dockable 4 channel
scope module gives you extra reach and
as both lab scope and ignition scope
capability snap-on's exclusive
fast-track guided component tests with
connector diagrams and a library of test
values and waveforms lets you verify
component failures with certainty
snap-on gives you true Windows
multitasking so you can see cause and
effect few multiple applications side by
side for unsurpassed diagnostic in Sun
ferret's Pro gives you more flexibility
than competitive tools with an open
windows system and big hard drive you
can install software applications to
suit your shops needs store thousands of
vehicle records diagnostic data test
results and screen images even save
photos for your repair records using the
built-in digital camera snap-on knows
you need more than codes and data to
solve vehicle problems and finish the
repair
so the fast-track troubleshooter gives
you answers expert tips guided component
tests and om reference information let's
see how the exclusive troubleshooter
saves you time in the Bay
your customer says their 2004 toyota
surges and sometimes stalls at item and
the vehicle shows no fault codes so
where do you go from here
you know this symptom could be related
to the idle air control but is that
really the root cause of the problem
click on fast-track troubleshooter to
access over a million verified tips from
OAM and specialty technicians snap-on
has been building this database of
vehicle specific tips for nearly 20
years so there is expert advice on
virtually any vehicle the tip for this
specific symptom on this specific Toyota
shows that the coolant temperature
sensor is a common cause of this problem
troubleshooter also shows the live data
scan for your car in the bay and
verifies that the coolant sensor needs
to be replaced
avoid replacing the wrong part fix it in
less time fix it right the first time
with Baris Pro and fast-track answers
built right into the tool so they're
always at your fingertips
power up and personalized verus Pro with
optional accessories customize it to fit
your needs with a docking station
European vehicle software pressure
transducers custom fit organizers or a
padded travel case all snap-on
diagnostic tools are backed by an
exclusive support program an expert
customer care hotline and online
training the industry's most valuable
software upgrades keep expanding the
vehicle coverage you need most to learn
more talk to your snap-on representative
or visit diagnostic snap on.com slash
verus Pro be prepared for anything that
rolls into your bay with the tools that
keep you productive and your customers
happy
you